Update IaC rules covered by Microsoft Security DevOps (#104648)
Azure/azure-content: articles/defender-for-cloud/iac-vulnerabilities.md

## View details and remediation information on IaC rules included with Microsoft Security DevOps

> IaC files are analyzed in Microsoft Security DevOps through multiple tools. Information about the rules for ARM and Bicep templates included as part of TemplateAnalyzer, along with remediation details, can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/template-analyzer/blob/development/docs/built-in-bpa-rules.md#built-in-rules). While details about the multi-cloud rules covered by Terrascan can be found [here](https://runterrascan.io/docs/_print/#pg-07a53d0ea8f57b62a06a9235598d5c55).

Reviewer: For Terrascan, thoughts on using this link instead: `https://runterrascan.io/docs/policies/` ?

> IaC files are analyzed in Microsoft Security DevOps through multiple tools. Information about the rules for ARM and Bicep templates included as part of TemplateAnalyzer, along with remediation details, can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/template-analyzer/blob/development/docs/built-in-bpa-rules.md#built-in-rules). While details about the multi-cloud rules covered by Terrascan can be found [here](https://runterrascan.io/docs/_print/#pg-07a53d0ea8f57b62a06a9235598d5c55).

Reviewer: How about :
The IaC scanning tools included with Microsoft Security DevOps are Template Analyzer and Terrascan. Template Analyzer runs rules on ARM and Bicep templates. Information about the rules in TemplateAnalyzer, along with remediation details, can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/template-analyzer/blob/development/docs/built-in-bpa-rules.md#built-in-rules). Terrascan runs rules on arm, cft, docker, helm, k8s, kustomize, and terraform templates. Details about the multi-cloud rules covered by Terrascan can be found [here](https://runterrascan.io/docs/policies/)

[PSRule for Azure](https://aka.ms/ps-rule-azure) is integrated inside the Template Analyzer tool. The tool will only evaluate the rules under the [Security pillar](https://azure.github.io/PSRule.Rules.Azure/en/rules/module/#security) unless the option `--include-non-security-rules` is used. Information about rules can be found [here] (https://azure.github.io/PSRule.Rules.Azure/en/rules/).

## Learn more

> - Learn more about [TemplateAnalyzer](https://github.com/Azure/template-analyzer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Learn more about [Template Analyzer](https://github.com/Azure/template-analyzer).
```

## View details and remediation information on IaC rules included with Microsoft Security DevOps

> The IaC scanning tools included with Microsoft Security DevOps are [Template Analyzer](https://github.com/Azure/template-analyzer) (that itself contains [PSRule](https://aka.ms/ps-rule-azure)) and [Terrascan](https://github.com/tenable/terrascan). Template Analyzer runs rules on ARM and Bicep templates. Information about the rules in Template Analyzer, along with remediation details, can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/template-analyzer/blob/development/docs/built-in-bpa-rules.md#built-in-rules). While Terrascan runs rules on ARM, CloudFormation, Docker, Helm, Kubernetes, Kustomize, and Terraform templates. Details about the rules covered by Terrascan can be found [here](https://runterrascan.io/docs/policies/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The IaC scanning tools that are included with Microsoft Security DevOps, are the [Template Analyzer](https://github.com/Azure/template-analyzer) which contains the [PSRule](https://aka.ms/ps-rule-azure)) and [Terrascan](https://github.com/tenable/terrascan). 

Template Analyzer runs rules that are based on ARM and Bicep templates. You can learn more about the [Template Analyzer rules and remediation details](https://github.com/Azure/template-analyzer/blob/development/docs/built-in-bpa-rules.md#built-in-rules).

Terrascan runs rules on ARM, CloudFormation, Docker, Helm, Kubernetes, Kustomize, and Terraform templates. You can learn more about the [Terrascan rules](https://runterrascan.io/docs/policies/).
```

## Learn more

> - Learn more about [Template Analyzer](https://github.com/Azure/template-analyzer).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Learn more about the [Template Analyzer](https://github.com/Azure/template-analyzer).
```

Author: I'm thinking on rejected the proposed change, Template Analyzer is the name of a piece of software, and I don't think we say "Learn more about the Excel" or "Learn more about the Edge", in fact my grammar corrector marks it as an error

> - Learn more about [PSRule](https://aka.ms/ps-rule-azure).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Learn more about the [PSRule](https://aka.ms/ps-rule-azure).
```

Author: Same here

> - Learn more about [Terrascan](https://runterrascan.io/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Learn more about the [Terrascan](https://runterrascan.io/).
```

Author: Same here too
